New using directive syntax (#546)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/guides/using-directives.md

will be interpreted as assigning `bar` and `baz` to the key `foo`.

As shown, `using` directives can be defined using the special keyword `using`. However, this may not be compatible with exisiting tools outside of Scala CLI. Therefore, they can be used in comments using special syntax:

```scala
//> using scala "2"

/*> using options "-Xfatal-warnings"*/
```

:::info
For now we recommend using the special comment (`//> using scala "3.0.2"`), and we will use that syntax in this guide.

Until `using` directives becomes a part of the Scala specification, this is the only way that guarantees that your code will work well with IDEs, code formatters, and other tools.
:::

> Within one file, only one flavor of using directives can be used. The keyword-base syntax (`using scala "3"`) has precedence over special comments (`//> using scala "3"`) and deprecated, plain comments (`// using scala "3"`) has lowest priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within one file, only one flavor of using directives can be used. The keyword-based syntax (`using scala "3"`) has precedence over special comments (`//> using scala "3"`) and deprecated, plain comments (`// using scala "3"`) has lowest priority.
```

> Within one file, only one flavor of using directives can be used. The keyword-based syntax (`using scala "3"`) has precedence over special comments (`//> using scala "3"`) and deprecated, plain comments (`// using scala "3"`) has lowest priority.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Within one file, only one flavor of using directives can be used. The keyword-based syntax (`using scala "3"`) has precedence over special comments (`//> using scala "3"`). The deprecated, plain comments (`// using scala "3"`) have lowest priority.
```

> For now `using` and `@using` can be mixed within given syntax however we strongly suggest to does not use deprecated `@using`. 

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
For now `using` and `@using` can be mixed within a given syntax however we strongly suggest not to use deprecated `@using`. 
```

Scala CLI reports warnings for each using directive that does not contribute to the build.

With following snippet:

```scala
using scala "3.1"
// using scala "2.13.8"
//> using scala "2.12.11"
```

Scala `3.1` will be used and following warnings would be reported:

```
[warn] ./.pg/a.scala:2:1: This using directive is ignored. File contains directives outside comments and those has higher precedence.
[warn] // using scala "2.13.8"
[warn] ^^^
[warn] ./.pg/a.scala:3:1: This using directive is ignored. File contains directives outside comments and those has higher precedence.
[warn] //> using scala "2.12.11"
[warn] ^^^^
```
## Deprecated syntax

> As a part of `0.0.x` series we experimented with different syntax for using directives. Based on the feedback and discussions with Scala compiler teams we decided to deprecated `@using` (using annotations) and `// using` (using within plain import). Those syntaxes will work as a part of of `0.1.x` series and we will result with an error since `0.2.x`.

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
As a part of `0.0.x` series we experimented with different syntaxes for using directives. Based on feedback and discussions with the Scala compiler team, we decided to deprecate `@using` (using annotations) and `// using` (using within plain comment). Those syntaxes will keep working in the `0.1.x` series and will result in an error starting from `0.2.x`.
```

> Scala CLI produces a warnings if any of the syntaxes above is used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scala CLI produces warnings if any of the syntaxes above is used:
```
